Directional Fee Hook Example
Created By Balancer
A hook contract for stable pools which adjusts fees based on how far pool balances will be from equilibrium - larger the difference, larger the fee. The charged fee percentage is: (distance between balances of token in and token out) / (total liquidity of both tokens) 

Exit Fee Hook Example
Created By Balancer
Hook contract that charges an exit fee upon remove liquidity

Fee Taking Hook Example
Created By Balancer
A hook contract that adds fees for swaps and add/remove liquidity which are sent to the hook contract.

Lottery Hook Example
Created By Balancer
In this example, every time a swap is executed in a pool registered with this hook, a 'random' number is drawn. If the drawn number is not equal to the LUCKY_NUMBER, the address will pay fees to the hook contract. But, if the drawn number is equal to LUCKY_NUMBER, the address won't pay hook fees and will receive all fees accrued by the hook.

morm Fee Discount Hook
Created By Balancer
This example discounts the pool fee based on the sender wallet holding veBAL (ERC20 token)

Prediction Market Hook
Created By shift0x
This hook allows any registered pool to permissionlessly host prediction markets. Participants speculate on whether the price of a pair at some point in the future will be above or below the current price. Each side has a corresponding floating market price governed by UniswapV2 math. At expiration the winners split the balance of the deposited liquidity minus fees.

VolatilityLoyaltyHook
Created By dilawari2008
The Volatility and Loyalty Hook aims to stimulate trading activity in a newly launched pool on Balancer by rewarding addresses with discounts on swap fees when they hold project tokens for a longer duration. It simultaneously ensures stability by increasing swap fees during periods of high volatility.

MEV Tax Hook
Created By gerrrg
The MEV Tax Hook allows Balancer pools to capture their own MEV by charging a dynamic swap fee based on the priority fee of transactions interacting with them. The hook calculates the priority fee, then multiplies this by a configurable tax multiplier to determine the tax owed. This dynamic fee is combined with the swap's static base fee, enabling the pool to capture a portion of the MEV generated by high-priority transactions. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCveCLren2U

Dynamic Fees and Reinvesting
Created By Protofire
The Dynamic Fees and Reinvesting Hook contract stabilizes liquidity pools by dynamically adjusting swap fees based on market conditions, while rewarding long-term liquidity providers with additional earnings.

ReferralSwapHook
Created By 0xEllie
ReferralSwapHook enables addresses to swap tokens on balancer v3 with a referral link and take their chance to win the collected fees. Since it enables referrer to take a share of fee it can help celebrities or charities to benefit from the swap fee.

Balancer.Fun
Created By jamesbachini
A Balancer v3 hook which creates a fair launch liquidity pool for memecoins


OrderHook
Created By ExtraCaterpiller
OrderHook is a custom Balancer V3 hook designed to automate and enhance the management of token swaps in decentralized exchanges. This contract enables addresses to define conditional orders, such as stop-loss, take-profit, buy-stop and stop-limit orders, directly within a Balancer pool.


Time-Based Fee Hook for Balancer v3
Created By arhansuba
a Time-Based Fee Hook for Balancer v3

Insurance Premium Hook
Created By BlackienBad
Insurance is crucial for new or high-bucket protocols in DeFi to provide coverage in the event of failures or other risks. This hook collects a fee when liquidity is added or removed proportionally, and uses it to pay the insurance premium.

Commit (and Reveal) Miner Hook
Created By myevm-dev
On-chain randomness and additional yield generation powered by crowdsourced event aggregation through a commit and reveal scheme.

Seren Hook
Created By PaladinFinance
The Serene Hook provide a simple and easy way to incentive in a substainable manner the pools that use this hook. It takes a portion of the trading fees generated by the pools and create Paladin's Quests to reward the liquidity provisioners with BAL emissions to the associoted pools's gauges. This enable bigger APYs for the liquidity providers and a better capital efficiency for the pools as it uses the balancer flywheel.

GeomeanOracleHook
Created By KarthikS373
Accurate and reliable price oracles are crucial for maintaining the integrity and functionality of various protocols. GeomeanOracleHook tracks and analyzes price observations and provide reliable geometric mean price data

DynamicDEX
Created By adityachopra29
Aims on maximising the profitability of Liquidity Providers(LP's) by optimising adjusting the dynamic fees charged for transactions on the weighted liquidity pools provided by balancer. For implementation, a 50 50 weighted balancer liquidity pool is used.

Swap Bond
Created By a51finance
Swap bond hook is a swap discount utility based hook that equips the pools on balancer v3 to create native incentive campaigns on after swap callback. Projects launching their pools can provide incentives to people buying their token through an incentive campaign in which the token buyers will get a bond nft that represents their buy value. The buyers can redeem reward tokens from the discount campaign based on the value of the token bought.

Loyalty Hook
Created By Chainkraft
A Balancer V3 hook designed to increase address engagement by rewarding addresses with loyalty tokens (LOYALTY) and providing dynamic fee adjustments based on their LOYALTY token balance

NFT Escrow Hook
Created By DAOhaus
NftCheckHook.sol is a Balancer v3 hook to allow a liquidity pool to be backed by an NFT. This is accomplished by staking it into this escrow hook which mints an ERC20 to represent it fractionally. The hook also enables the depositor to settle the pool at the current market rate - in essence this is buying paying for all outstanding NFT-based ERC20 tokens (aka linked or collateralAssetIndex tokens) by depositing the required amount of the counterpart (stable) token into the escrow hook contract which then releases the NFT. Then the holders of the linked tokens can redeem their linked tokens for stable tokens using the hook.

ReBalancer
Created By utkarshdagoat
ReBalancer is a balancer v3 hook that dynamically rebalances lp positions and fees based on real-time events and market implied volatility.This is escpecially useful for RWAs income generating assets like bonds etc.

Volatility Fee Hook
Created By t-phoenix
A dynamic Swap Fee hook based on volatiltiy of the pool. The Hook calculates utilization ratio based on Amount of Token Out and Balance of Token Out in the pool, and charges higher fee when the utilization ratio increases.

SwapReferrer Hooks
Created By Harsh8196
The SwapReferrer Hook is designed for DeFi protocols that want to incentivize address acquisition through a referral system. It allows liquidity providers and swappers to benefit from discounted swap fees when they either use a referral code or are referrers themselves.

Secret Swap
Created By DevSwayam
SecretSwap allows addresses to perform confidential token swaps using Balancer V3 hooks and Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE)

SafeSwapDiscount
Created By GillHapp
The SwapDiscountHook contract is a custom Balancer V3 hook that offers addresses discounted swap fees based on their holdings of a designated discount token (e.g., BAL). This incentivizes liquidity and token participation by rewarding addresses with fee reductions if they meet a specified token balance threshold.





